refactor (#335)
KxSystems/docs: docs/basics/precision.md

## Float precision

> Precision of floats is a tricky issue since floats (_doubles_ in other languages) are actually binary rational approximations to real numbers. Whenever you are concerned with precision, set [`\P 0`](syscmds.md#p-precision) before doing anything else, so that you can see what’s really going on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precision of floats is a complex issue because floats (known as _doubles_ in other programming languages) are actually binary rational approximations of real numbers. If you are concerned with precision, make sure to set [`\P 0`](syscmds.md#p-precision) before proceeding with anything else. This helps you understand what's really happening with your data.
```
